- [Instructor] Microsoft Planner is a great tool
to keep track of your work.
In this lesson, I'll share a few pro tips
to help you get the most out of Planner.
I'll start from Office.com
and in the top left corner,
select the app launcher and open Planner.
I'll start by opening the June wedding plan
that I've been working on.
My first pro tip is to add attachments
to help keep relevant documents with your tasks.
In this example, I'm assisting a client with photographers
and I've already created
the recommended photographers document.
Now I want to attach that document
to the select photographer task.
I'll select the task and select add attachment.
I have three choices - from computer,
from team files and a link to URL.
Since my document is on my computer,
I'll select from computer.
Navigate to the file, then select open.
Close the task dialogue
and now you can see the attachment on the task card.
You can also add checklist items to tasks.
Checklist items are things that need to be done
to complete the task
but are too small to justify their own task.
For example, let's say you want to create two checklist items
for the select florist task.
One for the wedding ceremony and one for the reception.
Open the select florist task.
Under checklist, select add an item.
Here I can enter two checklist items -
wedding arrangements and reception arrangements.
Then select show on card.
When I close the task, I can see the checklist items
under select florist.
Finally, you can copy a task
instead of creating a task from scratch every time.
In this example, I've already created the task
for initial budget
and I need to create a task for finalized budget.
I'll select more options on the initial budget task card
and choose copy task.
Enter a name for the new task.
I'll name it, finalize budget.
Assign it to the four to eight weeks prior bucket
and select copy.
Try out checklist, attachments and duplication
the next time you're setting up a plan
and see how much time you can save.